Grids toolbar: add description (#2626)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: includes/grids-toolbar.md

> Predefined controls appear on the toolbar depending on whether a specific DataGrid feature is enabled. The following table illustrates the dependency:
> 
> ## Predefined Controls
> Predefined controls include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Predefined Controls

Predefined controls appear on the toolbar depending on whether a specific {WidgetName} feature is enabled. The following table illustrates the dependency:
```

<table class="dx-table">
	<tr>
		<th>Control Name</th>
		<th>Image</th>
		<th>Prerequisites</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><i>addRowButton</i></td>
		<td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_add.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar AddButton" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>

> 		<td><a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#allowAdding">allowAdding</a> is set to <b>true</b></td>

Reviewer: Apply this edit everywhere.

```suggestion
		<td><a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#allowAdding">allowAdding</a> to <b>true</b></td>
```

		<td><a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columnChooser/">columnChooser</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columnChooser/#enabled">enabled</a> is set to <b>true</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><i>revertButton</i></td>
		<td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_revert.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar RevertButton" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>
		<td><a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#mode">mode</a> is set to <i>"batch"</i></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><i>saveButton</i></td>
		<td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_save.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar SaveButton" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>
		<td><a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#mode">mode</a> is set to <i>"batch"</i> and <a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating">allowUpdating</a> is <b>true</b></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><i>searchPanel</i></td>

> 		<td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_searchPanel.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar searchPanel" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>

Reviewer: Cut the white borders:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18551316/131869781-47054fd9-34ba-42f1-ac5b-e88a4299650a.png)

		<td><a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/searchPanel/">searchPanel</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/searchPanel/#visible">visible</a> is set to <b>true</b></td>
	</tr>
	${{datagrid_unique_toolbar_items}}
</table>

> If you need to customize a predefined item, add an object to the **items[]** array. This object must contain the item's [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If an item does not need customization, simply include its name in the **toolbar**.**items[]** array.

Reviewer: Without a commentary, it's unclear what's happening in the example. Let's add it.

---
##### jQuery

> 		<!--tab: index.js-->

Reviewer: The examples have 4 extra spaces of indentation.
Don't ever use tab symbol for indents. Configure your text editor to use spaces.

		$(function(){
			$("#gridContainer").dxDataGrid({
				// ...
				columnChooser: {
					enabled: true
				},
				toolbar: {
					items: [{
						name: "columnChooserButton",      
						locateInMenu: "auto",
						location: "after"

> 					}]  

Reviewer: The example only covers the case with customization. Add strings to this array.

				}
					
			});
		});

##### Angular

		<!-- tab: app.component.html -->
		<dx-data-grid ...>

> 			<dxo-column-chooser [enabled]="true"></dxo-column-chooser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			<dxo-column-chooser [enabled]="true"></dxo-column-chooser>
```

			<dxo-toolbar>
				<dxi-item 
					name="columnChooserButton"
					locateInMenu="auto"

> 					location="after"
> 				>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					location="after">
```

				</dxi-item>
			</dxo-toolbar>
		</dx-data-grid>

		<!-- tab: app.module.ts -->
		import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
		import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
		import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
		 
		import { DxDataGridModule } from 'devextreme-angular';
		 
		@NgModule({
			declarations: [
				AppComponent
			],
			imports: [
				BrowserModule,
				DxDataGridModule,
			],
			providers: [ ],
			bootstrap: [AppComponent]
		})
		export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

		<!-- tab: App.vue -->
		<template>
			<DxDataGrid ... >

> 				<DxColumChooser :enabled="true"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				<DxColumnChooser :enabled="true"/>
```

				<DxToolbar>
					<DxItem
						name="columnChooserButton"

> 						locateInMenu="auto"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
						locate-in-menu="auto"
```

						location="after"
					/>
				</DxToolbar>
			</DxDataGrid>
		</template>
		<script>
		import { DxDataGrid, DxColumnChooser, DxToolbar, DxItem } from 'devextreme-vue/data-grid';

		export default {
			components: {
				DxDataGrid,
				DxToolbar, 
				DxItem,
				DxColumnChooser
			}
		};
		</script>

> 		// ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### React

		<!-- tab: App.js -->
		import DataGrid, { Toolbar, Item, ColumnChooser } from 'devextreme-react/data-grid';
		// ...
		function App() {
			return (
				<DataGrid ... >
					<ColumnChooser enabled={true} />
					<Toolbar>
						<Item
							name="columnChooserButton"
							locateInMenu="auto"
							location="after"
						/>
					</Toolbar>
				</DataGrid>
			);
		}

---

[important] The {WidgetName} does not display controls missing from the **items[]** array. Ensure that this array includes controls for all enabled features.

## DevExtreme Components
You can use DevExtreme components as toolbar items. Set the [widget]({currentpath}/#widget) property to specify the component that you want to use and configure the component's [options]({currentpath}/#options):

---
##### jQuery

		<!--tab: index.js-->
		$(function(){
			$("#gridContainer").dxDataGrid({
				// ...
				toolbar: {
					items: [{
						widget: "dxSelectBox",
						options: {
							// SelectBox properties are specified here
						}
					}]  
				}
			});
		});

##### Angular

		<!-- tab: app.component.html -->

> 		<dx-data-grid ...>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		<dx-data-grid ... >
```

			<dxo-toolbar>

> 				<dxi-item location="before">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				<dxi-item>
```

> 					<dx-select-box
> 						<!-- SelectBox properties are specified here -->
> 					></dx-select-box>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					<dx-select-box>
						<!-- SelectBox properties are specified here -->
					</dx-select-box>
```

				</dxi-item>
			</dxo-toolbar>
		</dx-data-grid>

		<!-- tab: app.module.ts -->
		import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
		import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
		import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
		 
		import { DxDataGridModule, DxSelectBoxModule } from 'devextreme-angular';
		 
		@NgModule({
			declarations: [
				AppComponent
			],
			imports: [
				BrowserModule,
				DxDataGridModule,
				DxSelectBoxModule,
			],
			providers: [ ],
			bootstrap: [AppComponent]
		})
		export class AppModule { }

##### Vue

		<!-- tab: App.vue -->
		<template>
			<DxDataGrid ... >
				<DxToolbar>

> 					<DxItem location="after">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					<DxItem>
```

> 						<dxSelectBox
> 							<!-- SelectBox properties are specified here -->
> 						/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
						<DxSelectBox>
							<!-- SelectBox properties are specified here -->
						</DxSelectBox>
```

					</DxItem>
				</DxToolbar>
			</DxDataGrid>
		</template>
		<script>
		import { DxDataGrid, DxToolbar, DxItem } from 'devextreme-vue/data-grid';
		import { DxSelectBox } from 'devextreme-vue/select-box';

		export default {
			components: {
				DxDataGrid, 
				DxToolbar, 
				DxItem,

> 				dxSelectBox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				DxSelectBox
```

			}
		};
		</script>

> 		// ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### React

		<!-- tab: App.js -->
		import { SelectBox } from 'devextreme-react/select-box';
		import DataGrid, { Toolbar, Item } from 'devextreme-react/data-grid';
		// ...
		function App() {
			return (
				<DataGrid ... >
					<Toolbar>

> 						<Item location="after">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
						<Item>
```

							<SelectBox
								// SelectBox properties are specified here

> 							/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
							<SelectBox>
								{/* SelectBox properties are specified here */}
							</SelectBox>
```

						</Item>
					</Toolbar>
				</DataGrid>
			);
		}

---

## Custom Controls

> To use a custom control, specify a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#template) for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a custom control, specify a [template]({currentpath}/#template) for it.
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><i>saveButton</i></td>
        <td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_save.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar SaveButton" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>
        <td><a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#mode">mode</a> is set to <i>"batch"</i> and <a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating">allowUpdating</a> is <b>true</b></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><i>searchPanel</i></td>
        <td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_searchPanel.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar searchPanel" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>
        <td><a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/searchPanel/">searchPanel</a>.<a href="{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/searchPanel/#visible">visible</a> is <b>true</b></td>
    </tr>
    ${{datagrid_unique_toolbar_items}}
</table>

> If you need to customize a predefined item, add an object to the **items[]** array. This object must contain the item's [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If an item does not need customization, simply include its name in the **toolbar**.**items[]** array. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to customize a predefined control, add an object to the **items[]** array. This object must contain the control's [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If a control does not need customization, simply include its name in the **toolbar**.**items[]** array. 
```

Predefined controls appear on the toolbar depending on whether a specific DataGrid feature is enabled. The following table illustrates the dependency:

##### Predefined Controls

> Predefined controls include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Predefined Controls

Predefined controls appear on the toolbar depending on whether a specific {WidgetName} feature is enabled. The following table illustrates the dependency:
```

<table class="dx-table">
  <tr>
    <th>Control Name</th>
    <th>Image</th>
    <th>Prerequisites</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><i>addRowButton</i></td>
    <td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_add.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar AddButton" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>

>     <td><a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/editing/#allowAdding">allowAdding</a> is set to <b>true</b></td>

Reviewer: Use {basewidgetpath} to make links shorter.

> is set to

Just "is" would be enough.

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><i>applyFilterButton</i></td>
    <td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_applyFilter.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar ApplyFilterButton" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>

>     <td>filterRow.<a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/filterRow/#visible">visible</a> is set to <b>true</b> and filterRow.<a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/filterRow/#applyFilter">applyFilter</a> is set to <i>"onClick"</i></td>

Reviewer: Make `filterRow` a link.

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><i>columnChooserButton</i></td>
    <td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/columnChooser.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar ColumnChooserButton" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>

>     <td>columnChooser.<a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/columnChooser/#enabled">enabled</a> is set to <b>true</b></td>

Reviewer: Make `columnChooser` a link.

    <td><a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/editing/#mode">mode</a> is set to <i>"batch"</i></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><i>saveButton</i></td>
    <td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_save.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar SaveButton" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>
    <td><a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/editing/#mode">mode</a> is set to <i>"batch"</i> and <a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/editing/">editing</a>.<a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating">allowUpdating</a> is set to <b>true</b></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><i>searchPanel</i></td>

>     <td><img src="/images/DataGrid/icons/toolbar_searchPanel.png" alt="DevExtreme JavaScript jQuery Angular UI component {WidgetName} Toolbar searchPanel" style="margin:1px; vertical-align:middle"/></td>

Reviewer: The search panel lacks space. Let's make it a bit wider and match the width with the new group panel illustration.

>     <td>searchPanel.<a href="https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/searchPanel/#visible">visible</a> is set to <b>true</b></td>

Reviewer: Make `searchPanel` a link.

  </tr>
  ${{datagrid_unique_toolbar_items}}
</table>

> If you need to customize a predefined item, add an object to the **toolbar**.[items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/) array. This object must contain the item's [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If an item does not need customization, include its name in the **toolbar**.**items[]** array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to customize a predefined item, add an object to the **items[]** array. This object must contain the item's [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If an item does not need customization, simply include its name in the **toolbar**.**items[]** array.
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's give a code example.

[important] The {WidgetName} does not display controls missing from the **items[]** array. Ensure that this array includes controls for all enabled features.

> ##### DevExtreme Components

Reviewer: Don't skip header levels. The previous header level is h1, so this one should be h2.

```suggestion
## DevExtreme Components
```

> Add an object to the **toolbar**.[items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/) array, specify one of the available [widgets](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#widget), its specific [settings](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#options) and toolbar item's [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use DevExtreme components as toolbar items. Set the [widget]({currentpath}/#widget) property to specify the component that you want to use and configure the component's [options]({currentpath}/#options).
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's give a code example.

> ##### Custom Controls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom Controls
```

> Add an object to the **toolbar**.[items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/) array, specify the [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#template) and toolbar item's [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/).

Reviewer: There's no need to overcomplicate things.

```suggestion
To use a custom control, specify a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#template) for it.
```
